DEVDOCS-5665: [Update] Headless, add end-to-end GQL guide (#9)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/api-docs/headless/end-to-end-guide/graphql.mdx

**Response:**

```json
  {
    "data":
      {
        "token": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjM0NTY3ODkwIiwibmFtZSI6IkpvaG4gRG9lIiwiaWF0IjoxNTE2MjM5MDIyfQ.SflKxwRJSMeKKF2QT4fwpMeJf36POk6yJV_adQssw5c"
      }
      "meta": {}
  }
```

## Querying product data

The GraphQL Storefront API lets you retrieve product data from a store. The following example demonstrates how to query a simple product using the GraphQL Storefront API. For more information and examples, see the [Guide to Working with Products](/docs/storefront/graphql/examples/products).

<Callout type="info">
#### Query best practices
* Query less than 50 resources at a time.
* Limit query complexity where possible.
* Limit pagination where possible.
* Employ security practices and limit scope where possible.
* Employ caching where possible.
</Callout>

```graphql filename="Get a product" showLineNumbers copy
# This query retrieves one product.
query SingleProduct {
  site {
    product (entityId: ${params.id}) {
      id
      entityId
      name
      sku
      description
      prices {
        price {
          value
          currencyCode
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Creating a cart

> BigCommerce's GraphQL Storefront API provides the same cart and checkout objects as the REST Storefront API. The following example shows how to create a new cart by adding a simple product.

Reviewer: Would be relevant in just about any context, too, including the previous product query. Pricing and visibility in the response can vary based on the customer.

* [creating a token](#create-a-customer-impersonation-token)
* [querying product data](#querying-product-data)
* [creating a cart](#creating-a-cart)
* [adding cart line items](#add-cart-line-items)
* [getting a Checkout](#get-a-checkout)
* [adding a checkout billing address](#add-a-checkout-billing-address)
* [adding a checkout shipping consignment](#add-a-checkout-shipping-consignment)
* [selecting shipping option](#select-checkout-shipping-option)
* [completing a checkout](#complete-checkout) 

<Callout type="info">
You can use the GraphQL Storefront Playground to perform the example queries presented in this guide. To access the GraphQL Storefront API Playground and documentation, [sign in to your store](https://login.bigcommerce.com/deep-links/manage), and navigate to **Settings** > **API** > **Storefront API Playground**.
</Callout>

## Prerequisites

To complete the guide, you will need the following:
* [BigCommerce sandbox store](https://start.bigcommerce.com/developer-sandbox/) 
* Familiarity with creating a channel and a site

## Accessing Storefront GraphQL APIs

> You can make BigCommerce GraphQL requests in the context of the server to server API. The server-side API clients have the option of using either a Storefront API token or a customer impersonation token to access Storefront GraphQL APIs. This tutorial describes how to create and use a customer impersonation token to authenticate and access the Storefront GraphQL APIs. 

Reviewer 2: 🍹 Should we call out that while both tokens can be used server side, CIT can explicitly not be used client-side? I've heard developers express confusion on this in the past.

### Create a customer impersonation token

A customer impersonation token permits you to perform actions as any shopper. To generate a [customer impersonation token](/docs/rest-authentication/tokens#customer-impersonation-tokens), send a POST request to `/v3/storefront/api-token-customer-impersonation`.

<Tabs items={['Request', 'Response']}>
  <Tab>
 ```http filename="Example request: Create a customer impersonation token"
POST https://api.bigcommerce.com/stores/{STORE_HASH}/v3/storefront/api-token-customer-impersonation

> X-Auth-Token: {{ACCESS_TOKEN}}

Reviewer 2: 🍹 Small nitpick - does the number of curly braces matter? I notice we have `{STORE_HASH}` and `{{ACCESS_TOKEN}}`

<Callout type="info">
#### Query best practices
* Query less than 50 resources at a time.
* Limit query complexity where possible.
* Limit pagination where possible.
* Employ security practices and limit scope where possible.
* Employ caching where possible.
</Callout>

```graphql filename="Get a product" showLineNumbers copy
# This query retrieves one product.
query SingleProduct {
  site {
    product (entityId: ${params.id}) {
      id
      entityId
      name
      sku
      description
      prices {
        price {
          value
          currencyCode
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Creating a cart

BigCommerce's GraphQL Storefront API provides the same cart and checkout objects as the REST Storefront API. The following example shows how to create a new cart by adding a simple product.

<Tabs items={['Request', 'Response']}>
  <Tab>
    ```graphql filename="Example mutation: Create a cart (simple)" showLineNumbers copy 
    # Creates a new cart, adding a simple product.
    # In the GraphQL Playground, this will fail if you already have a cart.

    mutation createCartSimple($createCartInput: CreateCartInput!) {
      cart {

>         createCart(input: $createCartInput) {

Reviewer 2: 🍹 Should we include what the `$createCartInput` variable includes?

Reviewer 2: Sorry, just noticed the input below. Disregard this one! 🙂

# End-to-End Guide: Headless Checkout Flow with GraphQL APIs

BigCommerce provides GraphQL Storefront APIs used by server-side and browser-side clients for managing cart and checkout objects to build storefront features. The GraphQL APIs offer the same use cases as our Cart and Checkout REST Management APIs but have the added benefit of making it easier to build headless storefront applications. Developers using GraphQL can spend less time focusing on API interactions and more time building the shopper experience.

> This end-to-end guide demonstrates how to power headless storefronts and other non-Stencil shopper experiences. These steps will allow you to build shopping experiences where the purchase funnel is entirely powered by GraphQL, from catalog browsing through checkout. The examples walk you through critical GraphQL capabilities to fit most use cases when creating a headless storefront:

Reviewer: I'm not sure there's are "other non-Stencil shopper experiences". I think "headless storefront" describes any such storefront.

> This end-to-end guide demonstrates how to power headless storefronts and other non-Stencil shopper experiences. These steps will allow you to build shopping experiences where the purchase funnel is entirely powered by GraphQL, from catalog browsing through checkout. The examples walk you through critical GraphQL capabilities to fit most use cases when creating a headless storefront:

Reviewer: Since the Payments API must be used for capturing payment, I don't think it's accurate to say "entirely powered by GraphQL."

> * [creating a token](#create-a-customer-impersonation-token)

Reviewer: Shouldn't these bullet points be capitalized?

<Callout type="info">
You can use the GraphQL Storefront Playground to perform the example queries presented in this guide. To access the GraphQL Storefront API Playground and documentation, [sign in to your store](https://login.bigcommerce.com/deep-links/manage), and navigate to **Settings** > **API** > **Storefront API Playground**.
</Callout>

## Prerequisites

To complete the guide, you will need the following:
* [BigCommerce sandbox store](https://start.bigcommerce.com/developer-sandbox/) 
* Familiarity with creating a channel and a site

## Accessing Storefront GraphQL APIs
You can make BigCommerce GraphQL requests in the context of the server to server API. The server-side API clients have the option of using either a Storefront API token or a customer impersonation token to access Storefront GraphQL APIs. This tutorial describes how to create and use a customer impersonation token to authenticate and access the Storefront GraphQL APIs. 

<Callout type="info">
While the server-side API clients can use either a Storefront API token or a customer impersonation token, client-side web browsers are not allowed with customer impersonation tokens.
</Callout>

> ### Create a customer impersonation token

Reviewer: This section should emphasizes clearly that a customer impersonation token is a sensitive value because it can be used to "impersonate" any customer whose ID is passed in the request header, so it _must not_ but exposed to users such as in a browser context.

On that subject, it's a little weird that we're having them use a CIT in the Playground, but I'm not sure the way around that if the Playground is what we're going use. At the very least, it should be re-emphasized when instructing them to use it in the Playground that you wouldn't EVER be sending a CIT from a browser like this in a normal circumstance.

  <Tab>

```json filename="Example response: Create a customer impersonation token"
  {
    "data":
      {
        "token": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjM0NTY3ODkwIiwibmFtZSI6IkpvaG4gRG9lIiwiaWF0IjoxNTE2MjM5MDIyfQ.SflKxwRJSMeKKF2QT4fwpMeJf36POk6yJV_adQssw5c"
      }
      "meta": {}
  }
```
</Tab>
</Tabs>

In the GraphQL Storefront Playground, enter the customer impersonation token in the **Headers** tab as follows:

```
{
  "Authorization": "Bearer {customer impersonation token}"
}
```

## Querying product data

The GraphQL Storefront API lets you retrieve product data from a store. The following example demonstrates how to query a simple product using the GraphQL Storefront API. For more information and examples, see the [Guide to Working with Products](/docs/storefront/graphql/examples/products).

<Callout type="info">
#### Query best practices
* Query less than 50 resources at a time.
* Limit query complexity where possible.
* Limit pagination where possible.
* Employ security practices and limit scope where possible.
* Employ caching where possible.
</Callout>

```graphql filename="Get a product" showLineNumbers copy
# This query retrieves one product.

> query SingleProduct {

Reviewer: Not sure if this will be the case in other example queries in this article, but I'll just note it once here:  

It's confusing that this example query seems to be tailored specifically for a JavaScript context where the `${params.id}` syntax would interpolate a value into the string, and relying on some value called `params.id` that is pre-existing. I would think we'd want to keep the syntax to just GraphQL, agnostic to any specific context:

```
# This query retrieves one product.
query SingleProduct($entityId: Int) {
  site {
    product (entityId: $entityId) {
      id
      entityId
      name
      sku
      description
      prices {
        price {
          value
          currencyCode
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

  site {
    product (entityId: ${params.id}) {
      id
      entityId
      name
      sku
      description
      prices {
        price {
          value
          currencyCode
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Creating a cart

BigCommerce's GraphQL Storefront API provides the same cart and checkout objects as the REST Storefront API. The following example shows how to create a new cart by adding a simple product.

<Tabs items={['Request', 'Response']}>
  <Tab>
    ```graphql filename="Example mutation: Create a cart (simple)" showLineNumbers copy 
    # Creates a new cart, adding a simple product.

>     # In the GraphQL Playground, this will fail if you already have a cart.

Reviewer: "In the GraphQL Playground, this will fail if you already have a cart."

I don't think this is true, though, because you established at the beginning that we're using a customer impersonation token, not a standard token.  Any storefront session you have in progress in your browser will be irrelevant to a request with a customer impersonation token.

                name
                quantity
              }
              giftCertificates {
                name
              }
              customItems {
                name
                quantity
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
    ```

    ```json filename="GraphQL variables" showLineNumbers copy 
    {
      "createCartInput": {
        "lineItems": [
          {
            "quantity": 1,
            "productEntityId": 111
          }
        ]
      }
    }
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab>
    ```json filename="Example mutation: Create a cart (simple)" showLineNumbers copy
    {
      "data": {
        "cart": {
          "createCart": {
            "cart": {
              "entityId": "bb916deb-ddd6-4586-b65b-b8385e0e7a9d",
              "lineItems": {
                "physicalItems": [
                  {
                    "name": "[Sample] Smith Journal 13",
                    "quantity": 1
                  }
                ],
                "digitalItems": [],
                "giftCertificates": [],
                "customItems": []
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

> ## Add cart line items

Reviewer: I think there's some confusion in this section.  There's just an example of a new set of GraphQL variables with the cart ID included, as if we're using the same mutation as the previous example.  It's not, though.  createCart and addLineItemsToCart are two different mutations; there should be a full example of the latter.

Reviewer: Disregard the above.  I mis-read this section initially.

      cart {
        addCartLineItems(input: $addCartLineItemsInput) {
          cart {
            entityId
          }
        }
      }
    }
    ```

    ```json filename="GraphQL variables" showLineNumbers copy 
    {
      "addCartLineItemsInput": {
        "cartEntityId": "bb916deb-ddd6-4586-b65b-b8385e0e7a9d",
        "data": {
          "lineItems": [
            {
              "quantity": 1,
              "productEntityId": 107
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab>
    
    ```json filename="Example mutation: Add cart line item" showLineNumbers copy
    {
      "data": {
        "cart": {
          "addCartLineItems": {
            "cart": {
              "entityId": "bb916deb-ddd6-4586-b65b-b8385e0e7a9d"
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Get a checkout

The query example below shows how to display the contents of a checkout. 

<Callout type="info">
You can access Cart and Checkout details in the same request as other information.
</Callout>

<Tabs items={['Request', 'Response']}>
  <Tab>
    
    ```graphql filename="Example query: Get checkout" showLineNumbers copy

>     query getCheckout {

Reviewer: Another implication of using a customer impersonation token:  This query is going to need an argument with the cart/checkout ID to return the details of a specific checkout.  (Again, it's different than if you were using a standard token where "my storefront session", essentially, is context provided to every GraphQL request.)

On the subject of providing the checkout ID as an argument: We should call out that it's the same value as the cart ID.

Reviewer: @bc-traciporter I'm not sure this was fully addressed. The `getCheckout` example query still doesn't show a checkout ID being passed in as an argument.

{
  "addCheckoutShippingConsignmentsInput": {
    "checkoutEntityId": "812ece1a-da23-46eb-ab6b-c2ee210aae54",
    "data": {
      "consignments": [
        {
          "address": {
            "firstName": "Joe",
            "lastName": "Blogs",
            "email": "joe@example.com",
            "company": "BlogIndustries",
            "address1": "123 Yar st",
            "city": "RWC",
            "stateOrProvince": "CA",
            "stateOrProvinceCode": "CA",
            "countryCode": "US",
            "postalCode": "94061",
            "phone": "6501231212",
            "shouldSaveAddress": false
          },
          "lineItems": [
            {
              "lineItemEntityId": "0a281902-d548-4d2e-a930-dc2aae9bfc39",
              "quantity": 1
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```
</Tab>
 <Tab>
    
 ```json filename="Example mutation: Add a checkout shipping consignment" showLineNumbers copy
{
  "data": {
    "checkout": {
      "addCheckoutShippingConsignments": {
        "checkout": {
          "entityId": "812ece1a-da23-46eb-ab6b-c2ee210aae54",
          "shippingConsignments": [
            {
              "entityId": "6478f628f1d8f",

>               "availableShippingOptions": [

Reviewer: I think it's important to call out after this step that the user must note/record the ID of one off the available shipping options in the response, for the next step.

That would be a good thing to add consistently in each step (such as noting to capture the ID of the cart after the first createCart request).

Reviewer: @bc-traciporter I see a note in the addCheckoutShippingConsignments step about noting and recording the consignment ID for later, but not noting and recording an ID of an available shipping method.

                {
                  "entityId": "9ba45e71fe66e1cd757f022dcae331b0"
                },
                {
                  "entityId": "d8fb74f7cd682de8ae35a7fdd1e26f56"
                }
              ],
              "selectedShippingOption": null
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
 ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Select checkout shipping option

> This mutation adds a shipping option to an existing checkout.

Reviewer: "sets a selected shipping" rather than "adds a shipping option"

# End-to-End Guide: Headless Checkout Flow with GraphQL APIs

> BigCommerce provides GraphQL Storefront APIs used by server-side and browser-side clients for managing cart and checkout objects to build storefront features. The GraphQL APIs offer the same use cases as our Cart and Checkout REST Management APIs but have the added benefit of making it easier to build headless storefront applications. Developers using GraphQL can spend less time focusing on API interactions and more time building the shopper experience.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
BigCommerce provides GraphQL Storefront APIs used by server-side and browser-side clients for managing cart and checkout objects to build storefront features. The GraphQL APIs offer the same use cases as our Cart and Checkout REST Management APIs, but make it easier to build headless storefront applications. Developers using GraphQL can spend less time focusing on API interactions and more time building the shopper experience.
```

> This end-to-end guide demonstrates how to power headless storefronts. These steps will allow you to build shopping experiences where the purchase funnel is largely powered by GraphQL, from catalog browsing through checkout. The examples walk you through critical GraphQL capabilities to fit most use cases when creating a headless storefront:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This end-to-end guide demonstrates how to power headless storefronts. These steps allow you to build shopping experiences where the purchase funnel is largely powered by GraphQL, from catalog browsing through checkout. The examples walk you through critical GraphQL capabilities to fit most use cases when creating a headless storefront:
```

* [Creating a token](#create-a-customer-impersonation-token)
* [Querying product data](#querying-product-data)
* [Creating a cart](#creating-a-cart)
* [Adding cart line items](#add-cart-line-items)
* [Getting a Checkout](#get-a-checkout)
* [Adding a checkout billing address](#add-a-checkout-billing-address)
* [Adding a checkout shipping consignment](#add-a-checkout-shipping-consignment)
* [Selecting shipping option](#select-checkout-shipping-option)
* [Completing a checkout](#complete-checkout) 

<Callout type="info">

> You can use the GraphQL Storefront Playground to perform the example queries presented in this guide. To access the GraphQL Storefront API Playground and documentation, [sign in to your store](https://login.bigcommerce.com/deep-links/manage), and navigate to **Settings** > **API** > **Storefront API Playground**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use the GraphQL Storefront Playground to perform the example queries presented in this guide. To access the GraphQL Storefront API Playground and documentation, [sign in to your store](https://login.bigcommerce.com/login), and navigate to **Settings** > **API** > **Storefront API Playground**.
```

^I get redirected to the URL https://login.bigcommerce.com/login

</Callout>

## Prerequisites

To complete the guide, you will need the following:
* [BigCommerce sandbox store](https://start.bigcommerce.com/developer-sandbox/) 
* Familiarity with creating a channel and a site

## Accessing Storefront GraphQL APIs
You can make BigCommerce GraphQL requests in the context of the server to server API. The server-side API clients have the option of using either a Storefront API token or a customer impersonation token to access Storefront GraphQL APIs. This tutorial describes how to create and use a customer impersonation token to authenticate and access the Storefront GraphQL APIs. 

### Create a customer impersonation token

A customer impersonation token permits you to perform actions as any shopper. Unlike other GraphQL Storefront API tokens, customer impersonation tokens are sensitive and should never be exposed publicly. To generate a [customer impersonation token](/docs/rest-authentication/tokens#customer-impersonation-tokens), send a POST request to `/v3/storefront/api-token-customer-impersonation`.

<Callout type="info">

> * While the server-side API clients can use either a Storefront API token or a customer impersonation token, client-side web browsers are not allowed with customer impersonation tokens.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* While the server-side API clients can use either a Storefront API token or a customer impersonation token, client-side web browsers cannot send customer impersonation tokens.
```

* Please note that you would not usually use a customer impersonation token in the GraphQL Storefront Playground. The use of the GraphQL Storefront Playground and customer impersonation token are solely for this tutorial.

> * Customer impersonation token-authenticated requests made to the GraphQL Storefront API may query store information from a customer's perspective by specifying the customer ID using the `x-bc-customer-id` header sent with the GraphQL POST request

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Customer impersonation token-authenticated requests made to the GraphQL Storefront API may query store information from a customer's perspective by specifying the customer ID using the `x-bc-customer-id` header sent with the GraphQL POST request.
```

</Callout>

<Tabs items={['Request', 'Response']}>
  <Tab>

>  ```http filename="Example request: Create a customer impersonation token"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```http filename="Example request: Create a customer impersonation token"
```
^Spacing matters for rendering

POST https://api.bigcommerce.com/stores/{STORE_HASH}/v3/storefront/api-token-customer-impersonation
X-Auth-Token: {ACCESS_TOKEN}
Accept: application/json
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "channel_id": 1, 
  "expires_at": 1602288000 
}
```

</Tab>
  <Tab>

```json filename="Example response: Create a customer impersonation token"

>   {

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{
```

  <Tab>
```graphql filename="Example mutation: Add checkout billing address" showLineNumbers copy
POST https://store.example.com/graphql
Authorization: Bearer {{CUSTOMER_IMPERSONATION_TOKEN}}
X-Bc-Customer-Id: 123

mutation addCheckoutBillingAddress($addCheckoutBillingAddressInput: AddCheckoutBillingAddressInput!) {
  checkout {
    addCheckoutBillingAddress(input: $addCheckoutBillingAddressInput) {
      checkout {
        entityId
      }
    }
  }
}   
```
 ```json filename="GraphQL variables" showLineNumbers copy 
{
  "addCheckoutBillingAddressInput": {
    "checkoutEntityId": "812ece1a-da23-46eb-ab6b-c2ee210aae54",
    "data": {
      "address": {
        "firstName": "Joe",
        "lastName": "Blogs",
        "email": "joe@example.com",
        "company": "BlogIndustries",
        "address1": "123 Yar st",
        "address2": "",
        "city": "RWC",
        "stateOrProvince": "CA",
        "stateOrProvinceCode": "CA",
        "countryCode": "US",
        "postalCode": "94061",
        "phone": "6501231212",
        "shouldSaveAddress": false
      }
    }
  }
}
```
</Tab>
 <Tab>
    
 ```json filename="Example mutation: Add checkout billing address" showLineNumbers copy

>     {

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{
```

  "data": {
    "checkout": {
      "addCheckoutBillingAddress": {
        "checkout": {
          "entityId": "812ece1a-da23-46eb-ab6b-c2ee210aae54"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
 ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Add a checkout shipping consignment

This mutation adds a shipping consignment to an existing checkout.

<Callout type="info">
Make a note of a shipping consignment's `entityId` and an available shipping option `entityId` displayed in the response. You will need to use these in later steps. 
</Callout>

<Tabs items={['Request', 'Response']}>
  <Tab>

>  ```graphql filename="Example mutation: Add checkout billing address" showLineNumbers copy

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```graphql filename="Example mutation: Add checkout billing address" showLineNumbers copy
```

POST https://store.example.com/graphql

>  Authorization: Bearer {{CUSTOMER_IMPERSONATION_TOKEN}}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Authorization: Bearer {{CUSTOMER_IMPERSONATION_TOKEN}}
```

        }
      }
    }
  }
```

```json filename="GraphQL variables" showLineNumbers copy 
{
    "selectCheckoutShippingOptionInput": {
      "checkoutEntityId": "acd6f2ca-85c1-4b5f-8dab-d7d80521ecc5",
      "consignmentEntityId": "6478ff925d33a",
      "data": {
        "shippingOptionEntityId": "9ba45e71fe66e1cd757f022dcae331b0"
      }
    }
  }
```
</Tab>

 <Tab>
    
 ```json filename="Example mutation: Select checkout shipping option" showLineNumbers copy
{
    "data": {
      "checkout": {
        "selectCheckoutShippingOption": {
          "checkout": {
            "entityId": "acd6f2ca-85c1-4b5f-8dab-d7d80521ecc5"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
```
</Tab>
</Tabs>

## Complete checkout

Completing a checkout creates an incomplete order until payment is applied. For PCI compliance-related reasons, the GraphQL Storefront API does not handle payments. You must use the [ Payments API](/docs/rest-payments) to process payments. The payments workflow includes the following three steps:
 1. [Fetch available payment methods](/docs/rest-payments/methods#get-accepted-payment-methods)
 2. [Create a payment access token](/docs/rest-payments/tokens#create-payment-access-token)

>  3. [Capture payment](docs/rest-payments/processing#process-payments)

Reviewer: @bc-traciporter I left a couple follow-up comments.

    mutation createCartSimple($createCartInput: CreateCartInput!) {
      cart {
        createCart(input: $createCartInput) {

>           cart(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: The addition of an "argument" here is not correct.

When you are using a "dollar sign" variable like $entityId here, it is a reference to a variable that has been passed into the query/mutation:

```
mutation createCartSimple($createCartInput: CreateCartInput!) {
```

$entityId is not a variable being passed in on the line above, so there's nothing to reference. And, indeed, this is not relevant to the createCartSimple mutation; it's creating a cart for the first time, there is no existing ID to pass in.  This mutation should remain as it was.  (The key is that the user will need to _save_ the entityId that is being queried on the next line.)

Author: that makes sense

    mutation addCartLineItems($addCartLineItemsInput: AddCartLineItemsInput!) {
      cart {
        addCartLineItems(input: $addCartLineItemsInput) {

>           cart(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: Same here:  It's not appropriate to add an argument referencing a variable that is not actually being passed to the mutation.

For this particular mutation - addCartLineItems - the ID of the cart being edited is already part of the $addCartLineItemsInput being passed in.  (See your example of variable values below.)  So this mutation should also remain as it was.

    Authorization: Bearer {{CUSTOMER_IMPERSONATION_TOKEN}}
    X-Bc-Customer-Id: 123

>     query getCheckout($entityId: Int) {

Reviewer: This usage is correct

      site {

>         checkout(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: This usage is correct

          entityId
          billingAddress {
            ...CheckoutBillingAddressFields
          }
          shippingConsignments {
            ...CheckoutShippingConsignmentFields
          }

>           order(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: This is incorrect.

Passing in an entity ID as an argument is not the same as querying an entity ID.  That's two different concepts, so there's not a need for adding an argument everywhere that entityId is being queried.  

```
order {
  entityId
}
```

This is saying "give me the entityId of the order".  No argument involved. So it should remain as it was.

      countryCode
      postalCode
      phone

>       customFields(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: This is incorrect

      }
    }

>     fragment CheckoutShippingConsignmentFields on CheckoutShippingConsignment(entityId: $entityId)  {

Reviewer: This is incorrect

      lineItemIds
    }

>     fragment CheckoutAvailableShippingOptionFields on CheckoutAvailableShippingOption(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: This is incorrect

      isRecommended
    }

>     fragment CheckoutSelectedShippingOptionFields on CheckoutSelectedShippingOption(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: This is incorrect

      currencyCode
    }

>     fragment CheckoutCouponFields on CheckoutCoupon(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: This is incorrect

    }

    fragment CheckoutPromotionFields on CheckoutPromotion {

>       banners(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: This is incorrect

mutation addCheckoutBillingAddress($addCheckoutBillingAddressInput: AddCheckoutBillingAddressInput!) {
  checkout {
    addCheckoutBillingAddress(input: $addCheckoutBillingAddressInput) {

>       checkout(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: This is incorrect

mutation addCheckoutShippingConsignments($addCheckoutShippingConsignmentsInput: AddCheckoutShippingConsignmentsInput!) {
  checkout {
    addCheckoutShippingConsignments(input: $addCheckoutShippingConsignmentsInput) {

>       checkout(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: This is incorrect

        entityId

>         shippingConsignments(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: This is incorrect

          entityId

>           availableShippingOptions(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: This is incorrect

            entityId
          }

>           selectedShippingOption(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: This is incorrect

mutation selectCheckoutShippingOption($selectCheckoutShippingOptionInput: SelectCheckoutShippingOptionInput!) {
    checkout {
      selectCheckoutShippingOption(input: $selectCheckoutShippingOptionInput) {

>         checkout(entityId: $entityId) {

Reviewer: This is incorrect
